it's 1700 GMT we begin with special
coverage of the war on Gaza within the
last hour the Israeli Army has announced
its troops are now in the heart of the
southern city of Khan Yunis for weeks
Israel has declared Khan Yunis and its
surroundings a safe Zone millions of
Palestinians have sought shelter there
but Israel has rapidly expanded its air
in ground offensive carpet bombing
several areas right across the strip in
in the north the jabalia refugee camp
has been badly hit once again it's the
largest and most densely populated in
Gaza homes have been completely
destroyed and many people are trapped
under the rubble and in central Gaza at
least 45 Palestinians have been killed
after Israeli strikes hit residential
buildings in der balah nearly
16,000 Palestinians have now been killed
since the War Began in early October
abum begins our coverage from RAF in
southern
Gaza as Israel is expanding its military
operations in Kan yunus people across
the kanun city were forced again to
evacuate to rafah seeking shelter away
from the Israeli bombing the city
becomes overwhelmed with evacuees who
are experiencing drastic conditions
where they struggle to find shelter to
survive
people left everything behind in kanun
and were forced to live in tents that
were sit in public areas lacking all
basic supplies and consider unsuitable
for humanitarian use and a deep shortage
of food water and medical supplies rafah
is now the last shelter left for
Palestinians as also the bombardment
continue in these areas with
unprecedented a level and even domains
Tark abaz Al jazer Raf in the south of
the territory